dysk: add page (#13405)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/dysk.md

# dysk

> > Display filesystem information in a pretty table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Display filesystem information in a table.
```

> More information: <https://dystroy.org/dysk>.

> - Standard overview of your usual disks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get a standard overview of your usual disks:
```

`dysk`

- Sort by free size:

`dysk --sort free`

> - Filter to include only HDD disks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include only HDD disks:
```

`dysk --filter 'disk = HDD'`

> - Filter to exclude SSD disks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exclude SSD disks:
```

`dysk --filter 'disk <> SSD'`

> - Filter for high utilization or low free space:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display disks with high utilization or low free space:
```
